417 Improve documentation for models and simulations (#462)
DLR-SC/memilio: cpp/models/ode_seir/README.md

- Infected, will recover after some time
- Recovered

Below is an overview of the model architecture and its compartments.

![SEIR_model](https://github.com/DLR-SC/memilio/assets/69154294/11ee01be-40dc-40d0-9157-1a4bec775b02)

> | Parameter                   | Implementation | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Mathematical variable                   | C++ variable name | Description |
```

|---------------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | $\phi$                      |  `ContactPatterns`               | Daily contact rate |
> | $\rho$                      |  `TransmissionProbabilityOnContact`               | Transmission risk for people located in one of the susceptible compartments |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| $\phi$                      |  `ContactPatterns`               | Daily contact rate / Number of daily contacts. |
| $\rho$                      |  `TransmissionProbabilityOnContact`               | Transmission risk for people located in the Susceptible compartment. |
```
